Why don't you change?
Everywhere.
Long Xuyen Hotel's gold card was given by the gold owner.
I heard you can also go to the top floor.
Just don't know if it can be brushed.
Theme of the top floor
No upfront payment required.
Who?
Honey, what's going on?
I'm really a prepaid girl, Ms. Lam.
I just went out too quickly this morning.
I brought the wrong card.
This.
You should not be doubted.
Damn it.
Hey, I haven't brushed it yet.
The user on the top floor has been confirmed to be Lam Tieu.
Bird, this poor devil, stop pretending to be here.
If you know better then go away.
Don't make us do that.
He also believes that.
He is not
But no.
Because the real card is with me.
Now go down the stairs.
My people are coming soon.
You even invited him to marry you because of me.
I can't let you spend any more money.
Look at the attitude of this little white face.
Comments certainly cannot be brushed.
Okay, if you're that persistent.
Why don't we bet?
Alright. What to bet?
If you can open this door.
I will kneel down and call you ma'am.
But if you can't brush it
Now kneel down and apologize to me.
From then on, it disappeared from Long Xuyen
No more seductive living room.
Okay, so this great niece of yours I will recognize first.
As for that thing being glued back to me, I wouldn't want it either.
Ha ha.
Husband, don't be angry.